Update Business Docs (#1021)
centrapay/centrapay-docs: src/content/api/businesses.mdx

import Endpoint from '../../components/Endpoint.astro';
import Badge from '../../components/Badge.astro';

> A Business represents a company that could be registered with the New Zealand Companies Office. It is associated with a single [Account](/api/accounts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Business represents a legal business entity that could be registered with the New Zealand Companies Office. It is associated with a single [Account](/api/accounts).
```

  </Property>

  <Property name="name" type="string">

>     The legal name of the business.

Reviewer: For sole trader I'm not sure what this would be I think it might be an individual name

Author: Does a sole trader not have a legal name?

Reviewer: Nah I don't think so they pay their business taxes under their personal income tax
